All right.
How 'bout 60 million lir on‐‐
[NEMESIS]
Are you insane?
You're not doing anything
else until I sit you down
and teach you a lesson on
the value of money! Okay?
Ya know?
It kinda feels like you
already taught me one.
[XUNYU]
What a waste.
[RAY gasps]
[XUNYU] You'd have better luck
setting your money on fire.
Such ridiculous odds on Figaro.
They're underestimating
the away team.
I can almost feel
their bloodlust.
That poor girl.
Nemesis!
Right!
[XUNYU]
So, what're are the odds on you?
‐‐[RAY] Counte‐‐
‐‐[XUNYU] Too slow!
[SHU]
Hit Paws! Grizz.
[XUNYU]
And who might you be?
[RAY gasps]
[SHU]
Just your average passerbear.
[XUNYU] Well, you certainly
look powerful.
[SHU] Me? I'm just beary
enthusiastic about costumes.
[XUNYU laughs]
Let's see what you've got!
[gasps]
[XUNYU laughs]
What do ya know?
You managed to deflect my attack
even though your speed's
nothing compared to mine.
Altar may be dying,
but perhaps it
was worth the trip.
If Figaro's a bust,
there's always you.
[SHU] I assure you,
that won't happen.
Since he's going
to take you down.
Given how confident you are,
you must be the man himself.
This ought to be good.
Hey, wait! Whoever she is,
don't hurt her!
Who're you talking about?
Hold on. You mean this?
She's bad with traveling by air.
Uh? Did you seriously stand up
to me because you thought
I was a kidnapper or something?
Oh, uh...
[laughing] First it was
the bear, and now you?
This country's sure got
its share of funny Masters.
[RAY gasps]
Let's meet up and play
together sometime.
Uhh...
What was that about?
[XUNYU] Wake up, ambassador.
You have work to do.
[MEIHAI grunting]
Huh...? Huh? Huh? Huh?
I'm begging you!
No more supersonic air travel.
I don't think I can take it!
[SHU] You've got a strange way
of making new friends, grizz.
Bear in mind,
it's still a little early
for you to be
battling Superiors.
A Superior? Really?
You mean they...
[SHU] Figaro's opponent, and one
of the four greatest players
the land of
hermits has to offer.
Xunyu, the Yinglong,
of the Huang He Si Ling.
[CROWD chattering]
[RAY]
We're back.
[SHU]
Pardon the intrusion. Grizz.
[ALL gasp]
Good to see you, Ray,
but uh... Who's the bear?
Oh, he's my brother.
We just happened to get
seats in the same box.
[MARIE] I've got a funny
feeling about him.
I know it's a bear costume.
But who else would wear one?
And the voice is
familiar. Plus, bear!
[ROOK] Marie? You seem kinda
nervous all of a sudden.
Nervous? Whatever do you mean?
Heh... Ah.
I know what's going on.
Obviously you're
afraid of bears.
[gasps] Exactly right!
Scared to death!
And allergic,
to the real ones anyway.
I mean, not like I'm afraid
of your brother or anything.
Let's start over
with the introductions.
Inside of the costume's
my older brother, Shu.
[SHU]
Beary nice to meet you.
My name's Rook.
And I'm Babi!
Right. My name is,
um, Marie Adler.
That's me. Pleased to, uh...
[SHU]
Hey. Did you say Marie Adler?
Beary interesting.
Hmm... Are you a Journalist,
by chance?
Uh? That's right.
But how'd you know?
[SHU] I'm a fan of the manga,
too! Pretty good stuff.
What manga?
[SHU] Into the Shadow.
You should check it out!
Not like it'll bruin
the story for you,
but the protagonist is a
journalist named Marie Adler.
Yeah?
[SHU] Unfortunately,
it was discontinued after
the first volume,
but I was hooked.
I've been waiting for
it to start up again.
Yeah, same here. Well,
nice to meet another fan.
[ANNOUNCER]
The wait is over!
It's time for the
main attraction!
Put your hands together for
the Clash of the Superiors!
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER]
First, out of the eastern gate,
a Superior hailing from
the land of Huang He!
The famed martial artist
known as the Yinglong!
The Master Jiangshi: Xunyu!
[ROOK] So by the way, what sort
of job is "Master Jiangshi"?
From what I hear, Huang He
have a role called "Daoshi."
This is the Superior Job
version of that.
[ANNOUNCER] And from the west,
we have the pride of Gideon!
You know him as "the king"!
"The solitary explorer"!
A warrior without
equal who bears
both the title of Endless Chain
and Over Gladiator!
Figaro!
[CROWD]
Figaro! Figaro! Figaro...
[ANNOUNCER] By the sound of it,
you're ready to witness
the fight of the century.
But first, a brief summary
of what's not allowed.
Any accessories or items
that prevent instadeath.
As well as any
consumable healing items.
However, healing from equipment
skills is permitted.
[SHU]
Figgy would've had an advantage
if they allowed
accessories like that.
But if the rules are the
same for both fighters,
would it matter?
[SHU]
In Figgy's case, absolutely.
[ANNOUNCER] With the barrier in
place, we can begin with the‐‐
Wait, what's this?
[XUNYU]
One... Two...
Can you hear me all right?
I'm about to duel
this Figaro guy.
But let me just say something
to make the fight interesting.
I won't take a single
step from this spot
until my opponent's
on his knees.
[SPECTATOR A]
Are you serious?
[SPECTATOR B]
What you can do is go to hell!
[SPECTATOR C]
Who do they think they are?
[XUNYU laughs] Who am I?
Apparently the villain!
[CROWD cheers]
[ANNOUNCER]
On that dramatic note,
it's time to start the
Clash of the Superiors!
Let the fight begin!
[NEMESIS]
It's too fast!
[SHU] They got the barrier
settings all wrong.
What kind of settings?
[SHU] The barrier surrounds the
fight and slows down the action,
so it's easier for the
crowd to follow along.
But this isn't
your typical match.
[MARIE] No kidding.
To ensure the audience's safety,
they had to put five
barriers in place.
But players under level
50 and their attacks
are able to pass right
through the buffer zone.
Thus why they're not allowed
to battle in the arena.
[ANNOUNCER] A thousand pardons.
Maybe this'll help.
[RAY] Figaro's completely
on the defensive.
So this is how a Superior
built for speed fights.
But that's the thing.
The Jiangshi are mages.
[RAY] Their arms are being
bombarded by their own attacks,
but they're not really
taking any damage.
[SHU] Which leads me to believe
they're a Superior Embryo.
Two characteristic
abilities stand out:
Resilient arms and
tremendous speed.
[XUNYU]
Calling: Baolei!
Zen‐ho, zen‐dong. Baolongba!
Zero damage!
Was that an Embryo skill?
[SHU]
Nope, it's from an item.
The long coat he's always
wearing is a Special Reward.
It allows him to block
any outside interference,
for a short while.
Only drawback is it's got
a ten‐minute cooldown.
Which means he used his
ultimate means of defense.
[MARIE]
Still, though.
His opponent may be out
of viable moves.
Magic that uses so many
Fu talismans to cast
must be tough to recast.
He may get the chance to attack
now, there's just one problem.
Figuring out what other
effect Xunyu's skill had.
[GROUP gasps]
[ROOK]
"Tenaga Ashinaga."
That's what they whispered
before creating those flames.
[SHU] Figgy's defensive
skill is wearing off.
[XUNYU] Seems I missed
targeting your heart.
All I got was this damn lung!
[XUNYU laughs]
[SHU] So that was the result of
all of Xunyu's groundwork.
[RAY]
Groundwork?
[SHU] Look. First, there was
the whole business about
not moving a single step
till Figaro was down.
Basically, a ruse to explain why
Xunyu wasn't using their legs.
Yeah, then phase two.
The Fu and Elemental were
just a momentary distraction.
To set up the main spell,
Baolei and Zhen‐ho Zhen‐dong
Baolongba, wasn't it?
Based on power.
It's evidently one of the
strongest Master
Jiangshi skills.
Perhaps the ultimate one.
My thoughts, too.
[SHU] Most powerful
omni‐directional defensive
skills prevent
players from moving
or being able to use
any other skills.
[RAY] Wait a second.
If Figaro's Special Reward cloak
is able to block damage
in every direction,
there's no way an attack
should've ever reached him.
[SHU] No attacks from
the outside, at least.
Sounds to me like you may
have already figured out
what the ultimate skill does.
[SHU] You seemed to have
guessed it as well, Rook.
Well, I've got a working theory.
What sort of attack
could've inflicted
such a massive injury on him?
[SHU] Figgy lost an organ and
is spitting up a lotta blood.
But there's not a
scratch on him, see?
For Embryos, their ultimate
skill is a culmination
of characteristics.
No two are the same.
That's right.
And if Xunyu's happens to
be both speed and range,
the culmination of those is...
[SHU]
Warping.
That skill's usually meant to be
used at a super‐long‐distance.
Must've been a pain to
make it viable in a duel.
You're finally starting
to understand how I roll.
How come neither one of
them is making a move?
Some kind of side‐effect
of the skill, maybe?
[SHU]
No. Xunyu's just being cautious.
You think so?
[MARIE] Figaro's got
an ace up his sleeve.
He's managed to keep his
Superior Embryo a secret.
Hasn't revealed it once so far.
[SHU] Actually, he has
been using it all this time.
[GROUP]
Uh?
What do you mean,
"All this time"?
[SHU]
From the start of the match.
[RAY]
Hm?
Then you're saying his embryo's
a piece of equipment
he's wearing?
That's not possible.
I've been using my
Identification skill
and the only things he
has equipped are items.
[CROWD gasping]
Aw, was it that difficult
for you to catch a breath?
[XUNYU]
This match ends now!
That's the same attack
and block pattern as before.
[RAY] The same?
Even with only one lung?
[XUNYU yells]
[FIGARO yelling]
Wait a sec. Why's he using
Physical Berserk now?
[XUNYU]
That's quite the expression
you're making, Figaro!
[XUNYU gasps]
[FIGARO grunts]
What have you done?
[RAY]
No way.
What just happened?
Nemesis. How many
equipment slots are there?
How many for the
gladiator grouping?
I don't know for certain,
but it's more than paladins.
There are skills that can
increase the number of slots,
but I'd say it's
somewhere around 25.
Hey, Bro!
[SHU]
What's up, grizz?
The gear that
Figaro has equipped,
do you know how they function?
[SHU]
If memory serves,
they're items to boost
his strength and agility.
So, that's how it is.
[XUNYU]
He's even stronger!
This goes against all logic.
Who grows more powerful
by unequipping?
I've never seen this before.
[RAY]
I got it!
[SHU]
Yessir?
[RAY]
I think I figured it out.
Figaro's Embryo,
its ability powers up his gear,
depending on how many items he
doesn't have equipped. Right?
[SHU]
Why do you think that?
Everybody here can
see it. I mean, look.
Hardly any gear and
he's grown stronger.
[SHU]
That's all the proof you have?
One more thing, you can't
normally explore
the Tomb Labyrinth solo.
But he was able to.
[SHU] Is it paw‐ssible because
of his Superior Embryo?
If that were true, other
Superiors would do it, too,
but as far as I know,
he's the only one.
And here's why. He has
something the others don't!
[SHU]
Which is?
Utility and countermeasures.
He starts out fully equipped,
gauging his
opponent's abilities,
then adjusts his
power ups mid‐battle
depending on the
enemy's resistance.
[SHU]
You're halfway right.
Oh, yeah?
[SHU] Just so you know,
when he's fully geared,
all his equipment's
starting numbers
are multiplied by two.
They're doubled?
Hey, Shu. But you didn't say
these are the starting stats.
[SHU]
Right. That's the other part
of his Embryo's unique trait.
Those stats increase in
proportion to battle time.
The longer the fight, the
more powerful he becomes.
And there's no ceiling.
I see. That's why he's
called the Endless Chain.
[XUNYU] Ha! You are really
something special, Figaro!
Damn. I messed up!
Should've aimed for the head
even if the risk of you
dodging the attack
would've been greater!
[grunts, yells]
[SHU] This is it!
Figaro's going in for the kill!
My Identification's skill's
coming back with nothing.
What weapon is that?
[SHU]
A Superior Item:
The Zenith Dragon's Brilliant
Fang, Gloria Alpha.
What? So that means...
Yeah. It's on a whole
different level.
[XUNYU laughs]
I have a toy of my own!
Yinglong's Fang, Suling Yi.
You're not the only one
with a Superior Item!
Still, not like I can surpass
you when you're so buffed.
So I'll just have
to eclipse you.
See, the more MP
and SP I give it,
the more damage my Fang deals!
I'm putting everything I
have into this one attack!
They'll be cleaning
you off the floor!
[yells]
[yelling]
I've got you now!
Whoa. Where'd that
claw come from?
That speech about giving
it their all was a bluff!
It one big setup up
for a surprise attack!
But how could Figaro lose?
[SHU] He didn't. Look closer.
The blade didn't pass through.
My attack should've killed you!
Why are you still alive?
[SHU] It was stopped
dead in its tracks
by his heart‐shaped
Superior Embryo.
[GROUP gasps]
Hidden inside.
I knew I should've
gone for the head!
You have my thanks. You proved
to be a wonderful opponent.
[XUNYU grunting]
Fang of... Gloria!
[XUNYU screaming]
Over‐drive!
[ALL gasp]
[ANNOUNCER]
We have a winner! Figaro!
[CROWD cheering]
Wow, that was a great duel!
It truly was a
wonderful fight.
You won't see another one
like it for a long time.
Worth crossing the
desert, that's for sure.
Oh, yeah? The desert?
Then you came all
the way from Caldina?
Yes. Luckily, I'll have
a fine story when I return.
Oh?
Well, now...
Looks like it's starting.
We spec.
If you insist, we'll
continue to spectate.
It might prove to
be entertaining.
[RAY] Uh.
Is this supposed to be part‐‐
What's wrong?
[SHU] Someone went and
did something stupid.
Stopped time inside the barrier.
[ROOK gasps]
Up in the sky! You see that?
[NEMESIS]
Not him!
It's Doctor Flamingo!
[FLAMINGO] Good evening,
ladies and gents!
That was some fight, am I right?
Unfortunately, it was
supposed to be followed up
with the Count and
Princess boring you
to death with some speech.
Buut I say we skip the snooze
fest and do something fun!
I've heard enough!
Remove your costume and identify
yourself right this instant!
[FRANKLIN laughing]
You mean you don't recognize
my enchanting voice?
Okay then. Maybe this will help!
Voila! Feast your eyes
on this prize specimen!
Well? You like?
I should've known.
Why're you here?
[CROWD chattering]
Color me embarrassed!
You mean to tell me
all these fine people
have actually heard
about little old me?
Yes, of course all
of us know you.
You are that fiend,
Mister Franklin!
[FRANKLIN]
Oh, yeah!
It's true!
The same genius who turned your
king and a bunch of nobodies
into a buffet for a hoard
of famished monsters!
So please put
your hands together
for the Dryfe Imperium Superior,
Giga Professor Franklin!
A Superior?
[FRANKLIN] Seems we've got a
lot of hot heads in the crowd
tonight, Duel City. I'd be
careful if I were you.
[FRANKLIN laughs] After all,
you don't want to end up
in the gaol, do you?
See my little birdie?
[MARIE gasps]
Ellie!
May I present... Elizabeth
Altar, the second princess.
You starting to catch my drift?
I do believe
assassinating a royal
means instant imprisonment.
[FRANKLIN laughing]
So, now. Let's play
a game, shall we?
[RAY]
"The Beginning of Madness."